Article II. Culpability

A) Only the creator or uploader of data is responsible for whether that data is legal to upload, possess or made available to other users or information services.
1) A creator or uploader of illegal data is subject to judicial proceedings as laid out in Article V.
2) Punishment may be acted on with the procedure's from Article VI or punishment determined by his/her country of current residence.

B) If the content under considerations is a work that was partially or fully derived from another content under copyright. It is required that the derive should contain at a minimum of 40% of the original content to be illegal content.
1) If the data is similar in look, feel, presentation or idea but of different origin and is a original work other than for the similarity, it is not culpable. (Trademarks, registered names...etc are exempted from this.)
2) If the new products are released as a series of parts then combined content poster, fan art etc are not culpable.
The content is to be considered to evaluate culpability.
3) An imitation, parody or data derived from real world presence of a copyrighted content as in but not limited to the name, photograph of a
[The above clause was added to prevent people from abusing copyright other than for fair use by inserting a small fraction of extra content or by dividing the content, this additionally protects users from copyright when creating derived content or in any other likely case.]

C) Any website including illegal content is only subject to process in accordance with Article IV.

D) Service Providers shall not be liable for dama anal sex ges caused by any illegal upload or download initiated by a user of their service.
1) Internet Service Providers shall not monitor the content of data being uploaded or downloaded by their users, except as allowed in Article V.
2) Service providers shall not filter, restrict or distort any data being uploaded or downloaded in any way that is based upon the content of that Data.
3) Service Providers shall not be required to alter their service in any way due to the illegal actions of a user of their service.

E) No user shall be held liable for the upload of data unless it can be shown that the User has certain knowledge that the data was not legal to upload in the country or countries where the upload was initiated and/or completed.
1) A user is liable for the illegal upload of data if he or she uploads illegal content, and is subject to the judicial proceedings found in Article IV.
2) A user shall bear no liability for the download of data that was made available by an illegal act of upload. It must be assumed that a user does not have certain knowledge that the data in question was uploaded illegally.
3) A user may bear liability for failure to report to an authority the download of any public data that would in no case be legal to upload as public data. Such data includes but may not be limited to child pornography or obvious private data.

F) No User shall be held liable for the upload of any copyrighted material that the user can reasonably assume falls under the definition of Fair Use of copyrighted data.

